For the most part I just use this to copy important points in the class note because I find I don't fully engage with the lecture if I take
notes at the same time unfortunately. I also add in my own commentary on questions and points that seem interesting to me


“If we stop interpreting, if we stop rehearsing, if we stop reproducing, the very existence of the original is at stake. It might stop having abundant copies and slowly disappear.” 
-what about those people who cannot visit Paris every day to visit the Louvre?
-what about authenticity? Who is looking for authenticity?
-collective memory
-but without these copies, would we value the original as much?
    I think we would but the impact they have would not be as wide spread without reproduction. Copies allow someone to see something without
    travelling to an object. Although it might not be the orignal it is original to the audience of the reproduction. This brings in a level of
    accuracy the may be missing.
What does originality mean?

“The original although only in the name”

The value of replications..
Why are these objects replicated? 
  Many reasons. Most things are replicated because of historical importance, or even just becuase someone finds them aesthetically pleasing. I 
  find this to be the case with prints of famous pantings, at the very least in my life.

Subjectivity, reproductions with small defects are worth more than the original(ex: star wars figures, rare coins, stamps, defect bank notes)

Mechanical reproduction of art gives more access to the masses. Original vs. cheap reproduction. An artist’s intention of their piece loses meaning as time goes on. 
The audience may perceive the piece of art entirely different than the artist or fellow audience members.  

Censorship in restoring original paintings. 

 The public is an examiner, but an absent-minded one.

Objects have a use biography - used and represented different ways throughout its life. 
  This reminded me of primary and secondary uses of artifacts and how bits of broken potter can be found to have names enscribed on them in
  Roman and Ancient Greek cities that are simply scrap pottery but was used to cast votes, in Greece espeically for ostracism.

Accord project
  more about why things are replicated 
  
Tips for making a 3D Model
  Refer to collective note for full list but mostly more pictures the better, computers are better than phones, and to use a basic background
  so it doesn't interfere.
 
Computational Creativity and the Ontological Meaning of Your Models

Computational Creativity is the study and simulation, by computational means, of behaviour natural and artificial, which would, if observed in humans, be deemed creative. 
Is there not some sort of humanity in Computational Creativity? There is some kind of meaningful connection to human activity. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9OHn5ZF4Uo

Video on basically everything he was talking about with neural networks / machine learning.

Asking if art is good, is the wrong stream of questioning as history students. 
Better questions: What are these things? Why are they the way they are? How did they get this way? What do they mean?
Are we dealing with play, work or labour? Automata, autom??? Automata - things that do neat things (play) automation (work) algorithm (labour) <- political economy

Technology is terrifying.
 
Entanglement: the way that an object has associations and entangled lines of being with other things
I.e. iDevices entangled with the working conditions of those who made them - map these entanglements and see how they affect how we tell history, etc.
“Never a neutral way of using technology, only a mindful way.”

Ontological framework
Bounded spaces - contain different histories that are equally true -
Evidence of absences - things that don’t physically exist, but are still meaningful, which only exist because of a bounded object/space


Programming as a form of forgetting
  As long as something is being transferred into a new form, there are parts that are lost in translation. This is the same for anything, 
  but especially true when digitizing objects that degrade over time. There may be no original to compare it to. 
  
  
For the victims of Vesuvius refer to the class note as it makes the most sense with pictures easily accessible. This is also not entirely 
clear to me so I don't have many thoughts on it as I don't even know what I am thinking.
