Like the First set of Notes I plan on adding my own commentary and additions to the class note this time starting from the "History is a 
remix" lecture until when the second module is due. 

Monday Feb 5th, 2018 - Module 2: History is a Remix

Sometimes the remix shows something different (perspective) about the person creating the work

-in fake trailers like “Scary Mary”, the elements already present in Mary Poppins are simply rearranged to bring out a new aspect of the 
film we may not have observed in its original presentation

Watling Street
·         Remixing archeological data in a way that makes certain realities more apparent. We can understand the economic prosperity 
(/disparity) and distribution of roman coins in Britain through SOUND.
·         It is a remix of someone else’s code
  This is particularly interesting in regards to both trademarking/intellectual propery because it raises the idea of who really owns a
  code for a machine to do a specific function? Can this be regulated?


-some “DJs” work across mediums, taking data and turning it into music


Sometime it is the CODE and the underlying data that is remixed

Sometimes remixing does more harm than good - Daniken’s belief that the ancients had help from aliens. It is a form of racism and reveals 
more about the people that made it. 
  As much as I love conspiracy theories, especially to do with the ancients, I find that there is always a lot of manipulation of commonly
  accepted truths without a lot of critical thought put forwards. Much of history is already unknown and because of it's ambiguity it is
  easier to cherry pick part to fit someone's own narrative. Unfortunately this means that modern notions are often reflected onto ancient
  societies in ways that just aren't true (like the racist ideals mentioned).


Is it compelling or truthful?
 
Remixing of plaques made by the Department of Recreation and Conservation
- Original: Fur, Gold, and Cattle: Founded in 1812, Fort Kamloops stood at a natural cross roads. For 50 years it remained the focus of an 
inland fur empire until the roaring mining boom of the 1860’s. Ranchers, with cattle and horses, replaced the miners. They settled, and 
stayed, to see two railways bring prosperity anew to this land of sagebrush, sun, and great rivers.
- Remix: Salmon, Copper and Elk: For millennia before European arrival, Tk’emlups was home to a stable and diverse local economy. 
Secwepemc commercial trade routes, resources and relationships allowed the fur trade to thrive, and Fort Kamploops men survived on meat & 
fish sold by local harvesters. Ranching, railways and settlers changed the balance: traditional lands were alienated, cattle disease 
decimated elk populations, & punitive, racist laws denied prosperity to Secwepemc residents.
  This brings up an important conversation about history and how it's more about the present and the future than the past. Because of the 
  few written records that exist in circulation speculation can be added as fact as much of it is extrapolation from the conclusion. This
  allows for there to be many truths and narratives that take place and these are always going to be changed to fit someone's adgenda. This
  relates directly to the first reading from Walter Benjamin and how art, or in this case the historical narrative, is a form of propaganda
  and how it can be stylized to be such.

Infinite Looper
Infinite Jukebox
 
Remixing vs. Mixing
- The ‘re’ part is problematic
- A mix brings something new into being, something new from the source materials that was always latent
  For me, this course always comes back to authenticity and accuracy of a thing as well as secondary purposes of things. Something might be
  different from the original making it inaccurate but the reaction from it's audience might be just as authentic because it's a new thing
  to them. This is going to be greatly explored in my module projects because everything we are using is a reproduction of a real thing that
  we then digitally reproduce. 
 
Deformance  & Interpretation (McGann and Samuels)
 “reading backwards ‘short circuits’ our usual way of reading a text and ‘reinstalls the text – any text, prose or verse – as a 
 performative event, a made thing’ (Samuels & McGann 30). Reading backwards revitalizes a text, revealing its constructedness, its seams, 
 edges, and working parts” – Mark Sample
 
Deformed Humanities – a humanities born of broken, twisted things. And what is broken and twisted is also beautiful, and a bearer of 
knowledge.
- Humpty Dumpty broke and something better came of it
- “the deformed work is the end, not the means to the end.”
- Deformance vs. deformation
 
